troubling scenes from Dar abala as
desperate Palestinians are once again
forcibly displaced after the most recent
evacuation orders by the Israeli
military over the weekend for most of
these people this is one of numerous
times they have been displaced the sick
and tired are not spared the streets are
packed as people receive evacuation
orders that they're on the move they
they don't know what to do do they stay
do they wait they're faced with impossib
choices according to a senior un
official Israel also ordered un
Personnel running an operation Center in
darlala to evacuate immediately on
Sunday as well the UN staff had to find
shelter most are now in al- maasi but
because of the evacuation orders on
Monday the UN was forced to Halt all of
their aid operations and it's unclear
when they might resume the UN belief and
works Agency for Palestinian refugees
known as unra on Monday continued to
keep their shelters and health clinics
open but under difficult circumstances
while the rest of the UN system in Gaza
is paused what we're talking about
is on being embedded in in places so if
I if they are there and they're able to
help they will help and they will
distribute we are not able to move
people from from point A to point B
we're not able to go find people there
is nowhere to find safety it's very
limited access to humanitarian resources
um because the humanitarian operations
are also being displaced Within These
evacuation orders and the humanitarian
response here is being completely
strangled and limited to our ability of
what we can do the UN was planning to
roll out its polio vaccine in Gaza later
this week but given the new evacuation
orders and uncertainty on when the UN
can again resume normal operations it's
unclear when or if the UN will be able
to distribute them Gabriel zando Al jaaz
at the United Nations in New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer